[camera] Added documentation about video not working correctly on Android emulators (#3180)
flutter/plugins: packages/camera/README.md

minSdkVersion 21
```

> Important to note is that the `MediaRecorder` class is not working properly on emulators. This makes
> that when a video is recorded with sound enabled, the duration won't be correct and you will only
> see the first frame.

Reviewer: Can you also include the link to the official article which confirms recording video on the Android emulator is not working correctly?

Also a small suggestion on improving the text:
```suggestion
Important to note is that the `MediaRecorder` class is not working properly on emulators. Specifically when recording a video with sound enabled and try to play it back, the duration won't be correct and you will only
see the first frame.
```

minSdkVersion 21
```

> Important to note is that the `MediaRecorder` class is not working properly on emulators, as stated in the documentation: https://developer.android.com/reference/android/media/MediaRecorder. Specifically when recording a video with sound enabled and trying to play it back, the duration won't be correct and you will only see the first frame.

Reviewer 2: nit:

```suggestion
It's important to note that the `MediaRecorder` class is not working properly on emulators, as stated in the documentation: https://developer.android.com/reference/android/media/MediaRecorder. Specifically, when recording a video with sound enabled and trying to play it back, the duration won't be correct and you will only see the first frame.
```
